# IDK-PM Property Management Software

## Terms and conditions

By using IDK-PM Property Management Software desktop application you
agree to the terms and conditions provided below.

Terms of use may change in the future, check this page on every
application update.

IDK-PM Property Management Software is distributed by George Crisan at
georgerdp@gmail.com - End User License Agreement (EULA).

The key points of this EULA:

1. The application (IDK-PM Property Management Software) is licensed
   to you. You get a non-transferable license to use the application on
   any Windows or macOS desktop system that you own or control.

2. You may not redistribute the application (IDK-PM Property
   Management Software (e.g. on a network, where it could be used by
   multiple users) or resell it.

3. Do not copy, decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble, or try to
   access or modify the source code of the application. If you do, your
   license may be terminated, and you may be subject to prosecution and
   damages.

4. George Crisan may change, suspend, remove, disable or limit access
   to any services offered by George Crisan georgerdp@gmail.com, or
   third-parties, at any time without notice, and without liability.

5. The application (IDK-PM Property Management Software) comes with NO
   WARRANTY; it is provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. You
   use it at your own risk. George Crisan, georgerdp@gmail.com is not
   liable for any losses or damages suffered by you, direct indirect or
   consequential, by your use of the application. IDK-PM Property
   Management Software app is software, it is complex and may contain
   bugs (we are really sorry if you have experienced one). While we are
   doing our best we cannot guarantee that our software will function in
   all situations and circumstances.

## Privacy Policy

Because IDK-PM Property Management Software is
distributed through the application Store and runs on macOS or Microsoft
Windows, the use of the application is also subject to the Apple Privacy
Policy or Microsoft Windows Store Privacy Policy.

This policy does not address any data that Apple or Microsoft may
collect, which may include but not be limited to usage statistics and
crash reports.

Where is IDK-PM Property Management Software data stored?

Data in the IDK-PM Property Management Software app is private and it is
stored only on your desktop or laptop device.

We do not store or process your (and your tenant/tenants) data on our
servers. IDK-PM does not require an internet connection.

(Data in IDK-PM Property Management Software might also be automatically
saved in Apple's iCloud as part of iCloud backup of your device if you
have enabled iCloud backup and there is enough free space for backup in
your iCloud account). IDK-PM Property Management Software app does not
store any usernames and passwords.

If you decide to share your information with any Third Party from your
device, then these privacy policies listed on this page will not apply -
any information those websites or applications collect may be stored,
processed or sent to other Third parties.

Third Parties have their own privacy policies that you should review and
agree with.

What information is collected about my use of IDK-PM Property Management
Software?

Currently no information is collected about your usage or your device.
This may change in the future and this document will be updated as
required.

No username or password required to access and use the application, your system is your
security and also your responsibility to keep secure and updated with the latest security patches.

If you do not consent with any or some of the terms listed above please
remove the application from your system/device.

Thank you for using and supporting this software.
